Wow, Amelia. So many beautiful roses. They must be from Justin.
Wow, it's so romantic. I envy you so much.
Justin, why did you send so many flowers?
These are 999 flowers. Send to Miss Kristin. Please sign here.
What? Kristin? You must be mistaken. Who sends flowers to an orphan like her?
Yeah, the roses must be for Amelia. Probably a mistake on the label.
It's true, but it's for me. Yeah, it says my name.
Kristin, have you gotten mad? They're mine.
What is going on here? These flowers are up on Miss Kristin.
Oh my. Isn't that Anfa Cassius?
Oh my God. He's even more handsome in person than on TV.
Just a few worthless flowers. Who cares?
Thank you for standing up for me, Anfa Cassius.
You're welcome, Miss Kristin. You know, you remind me a lot of my long-lost sister.
She'll be about your age now. We've been looking for her for a long time.
Hope you're fine.
Yeah. It's just as you said, you had to see. They'd bring a new dress.